No need to say unnecessary things.
Okay, I'll tell you.
If I start with the letter,
it's written as Kotobuki-Kagiri-Nashi, and it's really a Juge-mu.
So what do you call it?
Juge-mu?
That's interesting.
It's like a new word.
Don't you understand?
So what do you call it?
Go-kou means to be able to keep going forever.
Go-kou means to keep going forever.
That's strange.
Do you understand?
So what do you call it?
Umino-jari means to be able to keep going forever.
Kai-yari-sui-no-no-su-ki-ni-o-ba-
Do you have more?
Kumo-ikusui-ni-kaze-ikusui-ni-o-ba-
It's a good thing that you don't know the number.
So what do you call it?
Do you have more?
I have more.
I have to have a good one.
So what do you call it?
Do you have more?
Paipo-paipo-paipo-no-shu-rin-gan-
shu-rin-gan-no-gu-rin-dai-gu-rin-dai-no-pon-poko-pi-no-pon-poko-na-
So what do you call it?
I don't know if I should explain it.
Morokoshi.
There was a king named Shurin-gan in Paipo
and a prince named Gu-rin-dai.
In this, Odeke Asobashi-san gave the name of
Ponpoko-pi-sama and Ponpoko-na-sama.
This is a very famous name
and it was very famous.
It's a very famous name.
This is Morokoshi.
What is Morokoshi?
Morokoshi is a shell.
A shell?
What do you call it?
If I were you, I would call you
Chokyume or Chosuke-san
or Chosuke-san
I'm not sure.
How about we call one of them?
Wait a minute.
I'm not sure if you want to call it.
I'll call one of them.
You can't do that.
If you call one of them,
you'll be in trouble.
Do you remember that?